Create 2020-01-05-plantrefgenomes.md (#400)
usegalaxy-eu/website: _posts/2020-01-05-plant_reference_genomes.md

---
site: freiburg
tags: [tools]
title: "118 new plant reference genomes and transcriptomes added to Galaxy Europe!"
supporters:
- denbi
- elixir
- vib
---

> In cooperation with our ELIXIR partner in Belgium, the VIB, we have added recently more than 100 new plant reference genomes and transcriptomes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In cooperation with our ELIXIR partner in Belgium, the VIB, we have recently added more than 100 new plant reference genomes and transcriptomes
```

> to the European Galaxy server. Those reference datasets are obtained from the [PLAZA](https://bioinformatics.psb.ugent.be/plaza/) archive for 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the European Galaxy server. These reference datasets are obtained from the [PLAZA](https://bioinformatics.psb.ugent.be/plaza/) archive for 
```

> plant comparative genomics with the help of the team around Frederik Coppens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
comparative plant genomics with the help of the Belgian Galaxy team led by Frederik Coppens.
```

> A list with the newly added plant reference genomes can be found below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of all the newly added plant reference genomes can be found below.
```

> All reference data comes along with the genomic seuquence, an annotation file (GTF), kallisto and salmon indices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All reference data is provided together with the genomic sequence, an annotation file (GTF), kallisto and salmon indices.
```

We hope that those reference datasets will make plant research even easier in Galaxy and will support the awesome work of the
[COST action INDEPTH](https://www.cost.eu/actions/CA16212/) and the [ELIXIR plant science community](https://elixir-europe.org/communities/plant-sciences).

> Taken all together, Galaxy provides you now access to more than 1700 different reference genomes and we hope, we can support your work with it!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All together, Galaxy now provides you with access to more than 1700 different reference genomes and we hope we can support your work with it!
```
